#JAVA

* This repository will contain the following programs with program name related to the index of the program in the list :


1. WAP to display "Hello, its  a first program in java"
2. WAP to find sum of two integers taken as input from the user at the runtime
3. WAP to find sum of two float numbers taken as command line arguments
4. WAP to find change case of enntered character
5. WAP to find maximum of 3 integer numbers taken as input from the user at the runtime
6. program to find the gratest out of 10 integers stored in the array 
7. Wap to create a class with "name" as STring and "age" as integer data members. The class should have 2 methods to take input from the user and display the data
8. WAP to find the factorial of a number using class and object
9. program to illustrate the concept of interfaces
10. program to create a package as MyPack having a class with three methods : max,fact and show. Use it in other folder with setting classpath and without setting classpath
11. program in java to showcase the use of super keyword
12. program in java to demonstrate the use of nesting try-catch block
13. program in java to illustrate the concept of using multiple catch classes to handle different types of exceptions
14. program in java to create a user defined Exception and throw it explicitly
15. program in java to read a list of numbers entered by the user in a single line and display their sum
16. program in java to read a string and replace every occurence of a particular character with a new word using string functions
17. program in java for performing different string operations on a given string class object
18. program in java for performing different string operations on a given stringbuffer class object
19. program in java for creating threads using the concept of extending thread class
20.  program in java for showcasing the use of various thread class methods, creating multiple classes for different threads
21. program in java to illustrate the concept of constructors(calling one another using this keyword)
22. program in javato illustrate the concept of creating applets and running it using appletviewer tool
23. program in java to pass and access parameters in an applet and running it using a java enabled web browser
24. program in java to create a simple banner using the concept of applets while creating threads using runnable interface methiod
25. program in java to change the background color of an applet window in every 2 seconds
26. program in java to display "hello" in different color where user clicks left mouse button and  "world" where right mouse button is clicked. use black background
27. program in java to demonstrate various dialog boxes used in Swings
28. program in java to demonstrate the use of panels and tabbed panels with grid layout
29. program in java to create an array of buttons as we see in snake and ladder game. Use just 2 for loops and other statements
30. program in java to create a frame and handle window-closing event implementing the WindowLIstener interface
31. program in java to create an applet having various different buttons, recogniing them using action command string method and handling click event generated by them
32. program in java to create a frame and illustrate the concept of using an adapter class in place of interfaces for handling various mouse events generated over frame window
33. program in java to create a frame with awi controls(like labels, push buttons, checkbox, and checkbox group) and handle various events generated by them
34. program in java to create a frame with various awi controils (like choice,list, textfield and buttons) and handle the events thron by them

